Rebecca Antoinette Evans: How are you
Cricket Icon: I'm doing okay. How are you, I'm just
Cricket Icon: Did it all asking. I am just finishing up the last of the folding.
Cricket Icon: I really, I really do apologize. It was confusing because last week it was at nine o'clock. And then I thought it was. And I ended up again. So being being that that I thought my appointment was an import with you, um,
Cricket Icon: The, the way they're doing school now is like FaceTime like this. So, so for my son.
Cricket Icon: They have it at 10 o'clock. And so right when I was getting ready to sign on with you. I had got an email.
Cricket Icon: With an invitation for for class Dojo, so I tried to sign in real quick to let the teacher know that that I have an appointment, you know,
Cricket Icon: I don't really like to, like, be specific about it. But you know, I wanted to tell them you know let them know that I have in a really important appointment at 10
Cricket Icon: I was not going to be able to attend the classroom, but it was asking me for a code to get into the class. And that's one thing I've been asking them for since last week.
Cricket Icon: So I apologize. That's why I that's why I'm a little bit later also signed in exactly at 10 I have to email them back and tell them I need a code.
Cricket Icon: I need the code to to get into the actual class they send me the link which takes me to the class, but it's not letting me access it without the code, you know,
Cricket Icon: So I
Cricket Icon: Apologize. I apologize, but um I i I've been trying to get in touch with you since nine and then then I thought I would have had time to get, get on on class, you know, for, for my son.
Cricket Icon: But right
Cricket Icon: But it's okay, I'll get things figured out with them, it's, I mean, it's only a 10 minute on
Cricket Icon: You know, little session, you know that the teacher just wanted to just talk to the students and see how they're doing. And just pretty much just give us like little activities to keep them busy, stuff like that. So, so
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You're in
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You're in New Mexico.
Cricket Icon: Yes.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, so I'm in California. So our appointment is at nine o'clock Pacific Standard Time.
Cricket Icon: Okay, so. Okay, so, so it is going to be
Cricket Icon: It is going to be at nine o'clock. My time or Knossos can be at 10 O'clock my time. Correct.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Right, right. But we can make it. We can make it a half hour earlier if you want
Cricket Icon: This possible because like I said on Wednesdays.
Cricket Icon: I have the class Dojo, I mean, even though it's only a 10 minute session.
Cricket Icon: I have a class Dojo from my my from my five year old.
Cricket Icon: Yeah, I need to like keep up on that, like, every day I read the daily announcements, so that one. And then I have to like it. That's the way they're doing attendance.
Cricket Icon: Yeah, so, uh, and it's so being that I met with you last week, and it was at nine all the cool okay well that works perfect until I lost my phone.
Cricket Icon: Now because I I was already logged in to the class Dojo and, you know, I thought the code, since the beginning of the year, etc. But I lost my phone.
Cricket Icon: at Walmart somewhere. So I actually found my first cricket phone that I bought, which is the phone. I'm using now and I have to go to the cricket store and they're going to give me a free SIM card. Due to this, but then I'm going out in are going on.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Oh, good.
Cricket Icon: Yeah. So, my phone's gonna be getting active again. But everything was on that phone. So, I mean, I'm not able to do anything with the class Dojo, but
Cricket Icon: We're gonna have to change the time because once I do get that code and I log in. It's at 10
Cricket Icon: And
Cricket Icon: I don't know if she's able to change it because then she has to go through all the parents and see if they're available at that time. So, um,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Let me look really fast at next week's Rosa will adjust it to whatever we have to so that you can. Yeah, I don't have a problem at all.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I really thank you
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Anytime.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: gotta gotta go to school. Yes.
Cricket Icon: Yes, yeah.
Cricket Icon: I just
Cricket Icon: am busy with, you know, arts and crafts and
Cricket Icon: spelling out his words and you know just buying him workbooks, etc.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It's been going okay
Cricket Icon: Yeah, yeah, it's been going great. Just, just been trying to just stay busy, you know,
Cricket Icon: Trying to say
Cricket Icon: Is he
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: How he has worked gone for you.
Cricket Icon: I'm work. It's, it's, I'm kind of at a steady pace. Now it's only three hours a day, but it's better than nothing. Um,
Cricket Icon: I finally got a client that you know what that said you know it's okay for her for her to come in, you know, just long as she washing their hands, which
Cricket Icon: I washed my hands constantly anyways, even before this, then make happen. I just, I'm just out a hand or I just a handful of wash my hand to me when kids, you know,
Cricket Icon: Yeah, I'm there, I'm always you know how to touch their mouth. For some reason the BBS is now you know just it's just a habit. So either way, I blend with gloves, and then I take me a couple of extra pair. So for now.
Cricket Icon: I am I'm putting in three hours a day. So it's something it's better than nothing.
Cricket Icon: But it
Cricket Icon: Is yeah so as as for work. I'm, I'm glad that I finally found. I'm sorry, I'm folding clothes so I'm
Cricket Icon: Me.
Cricket Icon: So I can't complain. You know, I'm I'm
Cricket Icon: I'm, I'm just just thankful and I'm just, I'm just blessed that I have what I have and
Cricket Icon: And, you know, these hours came to me, it's better than nothing. It's better than zero. So, but you know i just i just doesn't cover all the bills. That's what makes it really, really hard.
Cricket Icon: You know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I do know it makes it stressful.
Cricket Icon: Yeah, and then supporting my kids and
Cricket Icon: It's just, it's, it's a lot. It's a lot. But like I said, like I told you last time I'm just staying positive and it just seems like things just come my way when when I really need it.
Cricket Icon: You know, so
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I'm just good
Cricket Icon: I'm just keeping myself positive and busy so that I don't stress on on stuff but you know as well while I'm staying busy I, you know, try looking for how you know
Cricket Icon: I go online and I look for how you know I see if there's any because I, I know, I know of a lot of programs that do help, but they're all closed due to this for damage going on.
Cricket Icon: Yeah. JOHN church and like there's, there's a lot of pages, St. Vincent de Paul, a lot of places. How but they're not they're not if they're not
Cricket Icon: Seeing know people right now. And I don't know. I don't know if they could do it over the phone and I called a couple places and just that voicemail. They didn't answer. So I'm waiting for a couple phone calls back because I'm eating help alive on like my lie.
Cricket Icon: And rant and I'm just trying to see if I can get some type of like Walmart park or something to go when my kids flows.
Cricket Icon: Right. Paul was telling you last time that my kids are growing out of their clothes like reads you're growing like weeds and
Cricket Icon: My, my, my boys my boys. I mean, there, there, there, there, okay.
Cricket Icon: My five year old HIS PANTS ARE STARTING TO FIT IN HIGH WATER AND MY my total he's an A, B 12 MONTHS ON MONDAY THE 27th.
Cricket Icon: Yeah, full month so his birthday is coming up. He grew out of all of his clothes so i'm i'm pretty much couldn't him on his, his
Cricket Icon: older brothers, because I saved his clothes, my son Montez I saved his clothes because I knew I was having a boy. So I'm putting him on like like the 18 months.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Uh huh.
Cricket Icon: And because I don't have any while
Cricket Icon: And I mean, if it's him because his dad their dad is 6364 he's he's really really small. So, so they they they tend to wear a size ahead of their original size. Yeah.
Cricket Icon: So I'm just, I'm just trying to make it work. In other words, I'm trying to just find a place that that's helping out with Walmart cards or like a target, target cards or something to just go and get my my son's at least a couple of outfits, but
Cricket Icon: On me they're worried about my daughter.
Cricket Icon: My daughter has grown out of everything and I mean her can't share clothes because she she's not fat.
Cricket Icon: She doesn't really fit. She has
Cricket Icon: You know,
Cricket Icon: Yeah, and you know that the small ways. So I used to have thick guys like that when I'm before I had kids, but I don't anymore. So I were three and she wears a five and
Cricket Icon: I'm so she's like the main one that I'm worried about she needs clothes so bad. And I'm like, I don't know what to do. It's like, you know, I'm barely getting these three hours in and then when I
Cricket Icon: Need it it
Cricket Icon: Has to go to like the main things that that are keeping us surviving
Cricket Icon: You know, yeah, we're one of them, but like the roof over our head and light and gas and water. You know, so
Cricket Icon: Yeah.
Cricket Icon: We don't get paid. Very much so. By the time I pay
Cricket Icon: Something on the rent and and you know something on the on the light and the gas in the water. It's my whole chat.
Cricket Icon: Yeah, like I just, oh, I'm just, I'm just really stressing out about getting her clothes and no water and you don't know what to do.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: What area do you live in.
Cricket Icon: New Mexico.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Help you look to
Cricket Icon: Oh well thank you
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I'm gonna reach out to my co workers that work in New Mexico and see if they know of a program or if they know a place that
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That we don't know about that can help with stuff like that. Okay.
Cricket Icon: Yeah, um,
Cricket Icon: Gosh, it would it would be nice to get to get my hands on on a
Cricket Icon: You know, a Target card or a Walmart card, you know, she uses he likes to shop at raw, because that's where they have her style and like I said she's sick on the thighs, so
Cricket Icon: Like a Walmart. If she can't get the pants up, but I mean if I happen to get the help with the Target, Costco Walmart card.
Cricket Icon: And I mean she she read. She told me I can be picked them all. I don't have clothes. If I need to buy sweat. I'll buy sweats, you know, just, just for now until, until we get back on track.
Cricket Icon: But I, I need, I need to figure out something for her. She has she has like nothing she grew out of everything. I bought her
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Wow.
Cricket Icon: So they take her shopping every to every tech, but I'm not working the way I usually do so.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, I'm not
Cricket Icon: Able to
Cricket Icon: And I feel so I feel so bad. I'm like, whoa, um, I feel, you know, to see her constantly having to rewatch the same sweats and Assange, sure, you know,
Cricket Icon: Because because she's because they because they don't fit her
Cricket Icon: Slow because I'm all of our other co she grew out of she wants me wearing
Cricket Icon: She has two pairs of sweats and to two shirts that fit her and
Cricket Icon: I'm just constantly Washington over and over and over for her.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: What size shirt to Sheila.
Cricket Icon: She, she wears a size five in jeans and she wears a medium and sure
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: How old is she,
Cricket Icon: She's 13
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, let me do some investigating. Okay.
Cricket Icon: Thank you.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: See what I can help you come up with for
Cricket Icon: I appreciate that. I'm gonna put you on mute, really quick.
Cricket Icon: For father, my son came by to help me out.
Cricket Icon: So like, okay, these meetings in that and he said that somebody else was calling for me. So I'm just going to see what that's about. So that I'm just going to see what that's about.
You
Cricket Icon: I'm sorry about that. It was just the teacher that I was telling you about. He ended up calling the father
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And owe.
Cricket Icon: Him, how to do it. So,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So he's got the information
Cricket Icon: Um, I believe. So he said, he said that that they didn't have the code that that's something that they have to get it wasn't the actual teacher
Cricket Icon: Yeah. Well, it was
Cricket Icon: It was because he then Pre K so she has she has, like, like, like in in
Cricket Icon: Like the teacher's aide.
Cricket Icon: The teacher's aide.
Cricket Icon: Okay.
Cricket Icon: So, how nice. Yeah, she didn't have the code. So it's like that's that's the main thing we need but anyways.
Cricket Icon: To go ahead and move forward. I apologize about that.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Now, don't worry about it. You know that life happens. And we've got to kind of go with the flow and
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I'm not worried about it. You know, you've got to know that I'm pretty easy going that
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, the kids have their needs have to come first, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, so I
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I totally understand.
Cricket Icon: It really appreciate that. Yeah, my kids are my number one in my life I besides God God comes first. But in this world. They're my number one.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That's right.
Cricket Icon: So, you know,
Cricket Icon: I get everything and and and I even put them before myself. Of course, you know, because they're my kids I created them. I brought them in this world and I need to help them.
Cricket Icon: Grow up to be strong in and be able to survive this this world you know give them work ethics and, you know, teach them how to how to be responsible and, you know,
Cricket Icon: Start learning start teaching them the value but dollar. You know what I mean, all that
Yeah.
Cricket Icon: And then, yes.
It's important.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I totally understand. Definitely. You've got a 13 year old, you have, you know, a 12 month old. And how old is your other son.
Five.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Boom, boom, boom. My
Cricket Icon: My 12 year old, will I mean my 12 month old will be 12 ON MONDAY THE 27th.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: There'll be 12 ah, what do you guys going to do for his birthday.
Cricket Icon: There's nothing we can do. None of the family wants to come over, because of this is the demigods going on. So we're just gonna just buy him a cake and I mean he's easy. He's only 12 months so he doesn't really know what's going on, you know,
Cricket Icon: So yeah, maybe, maybe next, it will be better for him. What can I just go by amino couple gifts, if I'm able to
Cricket Icon: See check after paying bills if I'm not able to buy him any gifts and like I said he doesn't understand what's going on.
Cricket Icon: Oh, we'll just buy a cake and just singing Happy Birthday. That's, that's pretty much all I could think of right now that I could do have with with with the hours I'm putting in
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, and knowing that he is just a year. You know what I mean, and takes to take a couple pictures of him with the cake, so you have that memory.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: This definitely will go down in the history books forum, you know, on your first birthday. We were in lockdown because of a pandemic Acadia.
Cricket Icon: Yes, which
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Is older
Cricket Icon: Than you are right. That's true. Yes, this is his birthday will be part of history is for Jesse
You're right.
Cricket Icon: In that way, you're, you are right. Um, Any luck with
Cricket Icon: Are you still looking
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I sent a message to my supervisor asking her to
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, to help me connect with the providers in New Mexico, so that I could find out what there any programs that we aren't aware of that could help with
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Clothes for
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: For kids.
Cricket Icon: So,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: As soon as I, as soon as I hear back from her. I will. I'll email you and let you know ish. If I can come up with anything. Okay.
Cricket Icon: Yeah yeah yeah and you you would email. Do you have, is it the Romero K or is it the ELISE 1124
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Let me look really fast. Let me pull it
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Pull it. You're starting to see
Cricket Icon: It just because of some reason. Yeah, the Yahoo gave me a hard time to sign in. But eventually, let me sign in, so on. I got that I got that account back
Cricket Icon: I think I ended up changing it, though, to the Gmail.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Other you're
Cricket Icon: Either way, I have on both
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You see,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: There is your email okay I oh wait, that's not yours.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That's the
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Europeans.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Let's get one here.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And see
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: What there you are, Rosa Maria
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: There's like 15 different
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Clinics that I have to go to to get to
Cricket Icon: I'm sure you guys. You guys have a law, a lot of a
Cricket Icon: Patient and then on top of that you need. There's a lot of information that you need to have on the patient. So
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: What I have
Is Alyssa.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: At gmail.com
Cricket Icon: Yes, that's, that's a, that's a good that's a, that's a good enough.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay. Okay, perfect.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And as soon as I find out information. I will
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: email you and let you know.
Cricket Icon: Okay, well, I'll be under your name, Rebecca.
Cricket Icon: Just yes. One more. Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So we know the
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It'll be revenue.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: At bright yield know because it'll come up as bright heart revenue from bright
Cricket Icon: Oh,
Cricket Icon: If I see anything from bright heart health, then I'll just read it.
Cricket Icon: Well I, I always do. So I real I pray I pray, pray that that you do know somebody that that can help out with that. Because, oh my gosh.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I would definitely be cool. Wouldn't it be if we could like accomplish this task and and overcome it. I think that would be awesome.
Cricket Icon: Yes. I mean, my daughter will be so happy and and one thing, one thing that I just, I just love about her so much that she doesn't complain about it.
Cricket Icon: You know she, she's like
Cricket Icon: She's like, You know what mom, I see that I see that you're having a hard time. And I, and I understand, you know, she's like, it's not your fault.
Cricket Icon: I grew out of my clothes you you've always have taken me shopping every paycheck and you've always have bought me three outfits three outfits every paycheck for like I said she's growing like a weed.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah.
Cricket Icon: She's stretching out and and she's starting to get shapey and thinner, you know, certain become a teenager. So, so she's like she doesn't complain about it but but she she does. Tell me from time to time, you know, Mom, you know, have you found anybody that can help or
Cricket Icon: Have you got any more hours at work. Is there any clients that you know that are willing on taking you win.
Cricket Icon: And I just update update her and I tell her know, You know, he thought, I'm so sorry I so far only about three hours. But, uh, you know, I have to pay the bills.
Cricket Icon: With that, and she just she just so understanding. She just so patient to decide I I understand moment is done. I'm just going to keep wearing
Cricket Icon: The same clothes and wash it and you know tonight and then again tomorrow for another two days and then wash it and until yeah but buy her some clothes, you know,
Cricket Icon: Yeah why my best. I really am. This
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And she knows that obviously
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, with your teen years old. She's not throwing a fit and and
Cricket Icon: Having an attitude and, you know, arguing about it and you know there, that in itself.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Is a complete blessing.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know what I mean.
Cricket Icon: Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Definitely was
Cricket Icon: More I'm just, I'm so thankful that she's not one of those kids that are that are just so, so
Cricket Icon: Like demanding, you know, like, no, I need know can I need new clothes and the dino they throw their fits and this lot of them screaming
Cricket Icon: call you names and no, no, no, my, my mom and my dad raised me that way better than that. So I'm raising my kids the same way.
Cricket Icon: And she Yeah, she's a good girl, she's a really good girl. She don't complain about nothing. She's very patient like she's been wanting an iPhone like before this this epidemic happen and
Cricket Icon: It really, really, because I did my taxes through this
Cricket Icon: Through this a
Cricket Icon: Tax Firm A friend of mine had referred me to them.
Cricket Icon: In how the United
Cricket Icon: Tax firm. So if you ever hear of a bit. Don't mess with them. It's called united tax firm. So in 2000
Cricket Icon: Last year for 2019 I did 2018 2018 taxes with them and everything, everything went good I got everything when good I got my federal I got my state check everything went great.
Cricket Icon: But it's like, but it's like they it's like they they like real me in the first time. And then, and then they called me up when tax season came and told me
Cricket Icon: Oh, your art. Your VIP customer. We just want to get ahold of you or you want to do, taxes, you know, with us again.
Cricket Icon: Etc. And all like, Yeah, you know, you guys already have on my ankle and your system. It's still the same job, whatever. So
Cricket Icon: I trusted them because everything when good last year. So I did, I did my taxes with them. And last year, I asked them, you guys.
Cricket Icon: You guys charge anything because if you do, notify me so I know you're going to take out of my taxes they said no we don't charge nothing, you're going to get 100% of your tax refund.
Cricket Icon: All is all great last year, it worked out fine. I did. I got 100% of my tax refund back this year they they got me bad they charged me $1,025 to do my taxes.
Cricket Icon: Plus they kept my state check. They got my state check deposit it into their account.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Oh my god.
Cricket Icon: So it just it's a big old mass and
Cricket Icon: Oh, I call this the the State tax and revenue and I inform them about it and they they told me, they're the ones that that deposit the check into their account.
Cricket Icon: And I was like, whoa. Why would you guys do that like
Cricket Icon: I didn't even request. I don't even have
Cricket Icon: A bank account. I don't even have a bank account linked to to to the to the IRS I I requested checks. So why, why would you guys, you know, just give away my check to just some random account number when when you see that that I received my federal check through
Cricket Icon: Through a check. So it just it anyways. The whole point is is that they ripped me off of almost $3,000
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That was crazy.
Cricket Icon: That was, that was more that was almost more than than what then what I received. So all I was able to do this year was buy a new vehicle because I needed one
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, and
Cricket Icon: I wasn't expecting this pandemic to happen and you know because I really wanted to take my daughter shopping, like they do every year, take all my kids shopping all that wild and all the
Cricket Icon: You know, feel like things just thought that we need. And then, you know, just put money, you know, in the savings account. I wasn't able to do that this year because I got ripped off. They literally kept almost close to $3,000
Cricket Icon: Oh my god, and I only received have a less than half of what I was supposed to. So when I called them. They told me that they sent my state and my federal check together. And so when I called
Cricket Icon: The State tax and revenue they told me that they that that's not even possible. You can't stand it, state and federal checking
Me.
Cricket Icon: So so so then finally they they told me to call the attorney general's office. So I call the attorney general's office and they told me to make a complaint. So I tried to make the complaint, but when I when I push submit it says on
Cricket Icon: On the bottom of it. It says error.
Cricket Icon: I don't know. It says, that's something, but it doesn't let me submit the complaint. So I called back and now I'm waiting on a phone call back from from the, the person from the IRS to to let me know where to go from here because
Cricket Icon: They, they literally sold a lot of money for me. I mean, the old ass said themselves that they're literally doing tax fraud.
Cricket Icon: That are not not supposed to charge more than $500
Cricket Icon: To do your taxes. But if they do even charge you 500 they need to give you your money right there and then
Cricket Icon: Like the way to block those
Cricket Icon: Yeah, so it just it, it just been just such a tough year and I don't know why all this is happening to me but
Cricket Icon: Like I said, ever since I did that, that experiment and how how I saw how much it affected my life to be negative and positive i'm i'm not i'm not trying to be positive. I mean I means I'm sorry I'm not trying to be named
Cricket Icon: So,
Cricket Icon: Kind of going with the flow.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: What about your stimulus, maybe got
Cricket Icon: The stimulus. No, I actually, I was I was worried about that. As a matter of fact, I was worried about that because
Cricket Icon: I had got an email stating
Cricket Icon: I had it was an email of a video saying that this. A lot of people are actually going through the same thing. I'm going through because they did there. They, they did their taxes through a third party which which I I wasn't, I wasn't aware that they were considered a third party.
Cricket Icon: Like, that's the thing. They, they should tell you they should have where you have that and be like, and be like, you know,
Cricket Icon: We just want to wear you that we are considered a third party. This is how it works.
Cricket Icon: And your, your winner your federal check comes to us first and then and then we take out what we charge. And then we send the rest to you they don't explain any of that to you.
Cricket Icon: She said it was free. First of all, so I wasn't expecting anything gets it. Now, out of anyways, to go back to the to the US stimulating check
Cricket Icon: So I, I had a watch this video where a lot of people are dealing with third parties, and if they if they used a bank account.
Cricket Icon: The the
Cricket Icon: The government is is depositing their check into the third parties account like just, just like the way the state deposited my my state check
Cricket Icon: Into yeah the their, their account so worried I was like oh my gosh, no that's going to happen to me because I went through a third party as wow and
Cricket Icon: My father was one of my brothers ended up giving my father this um it's called you go to, you go to
Cricket Icon: tax.gov
Cricket Icon: Yeah. And then, and then you just put in your information and then it and then it tells you
Cricket Icon: You know, if you're going to get sent out a check or if it's been it's already been deposited into, you know, bank account, etc. So I did it and it said that no, it said that, uh, that checks going to be sent out on the 24th.
Cricket Icon: Yeah, so, thank God. I was so relieved when I saw that I was like oh thank god I don't know bank account so
Cricket Icon: So I know for sure it didn't get deposited into their account because there was no bank account linked to a just as a check is going to be sent out on the 24th. So let's see, when that comes in, you know, it's like I said, everything happens for a reason.
Cricket Icon: You know that's hopefully I pray that that comes in out of, out of perfect timing.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah.
Cricket Icon: Like now I really, really need it.
Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Definitely
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I know that
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I've been working through like Tax Act, and it's considered a third party to and
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: They didn't
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: They didn't go through them.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: For the stimulus. So it went directly into my bank account. So that's a good thing. So if they're going to mail you the check and not and totally bypass that third party.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know what I mean. It'll go
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: To your house.
Cricket Icon: It won't go well.
Cricket Icon: Well, the great thing is I, I believe the reason why, if I want to, called the, the State tax and revenue and then call the attorney general's office and aware of them. What these people are up to like their name. They're literally doing tax fraud.
Cricket Icon: YEAH, IT'S FRAUD. So if I want to called and aware them of this
Cricket Icon: It would have got deposited into their account.
Cricket Icon: Yeah, so being that I called I saved myself.
Cricket Icon: Yeah, I
Cricket Icon: At that time, at that time, I wasn't even like they weren't even talking about this, this, this, this.
Cricket Icon: Chat that that they want to give to all of us. They weren't even talking about that at that time at that time. So when I heard about it. I got worried and all like, no.
Cricket Icon: Because I'm dealing with the third party and then I watched that video, but no. But everything's good though. In other words, so yeah it's showing that that checks coming in. So everything's everything's going to be good hobby.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That's really, really good. I'm glad.
Cricket Icon: Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know what I mean, yes, no cancellation, but
Cricket Icon: Yeah, I know. I'm just, I'm just wondering, um, I, I, I don't know where to get this answer from so I was able to claim my son Montez because remember how I told you about the state situation.
Cricket Icon: Yeah. So last year I was able to claim him and 2018 because I was seeing him pretty much every day and I was taking him close. So I was pretty much providing for him it would you were just pretty much sleeping with other people.
Cricket Icon: So I was able to claim him and 2000 and 2004 Oh, they are able to create claim him and
Cricket Icon: And
Cricket Icon: So what what I'm wondering because they're going to give $500 to each child, but I wasn't able, I, I didn't claim him this year. So I don't know. I think I'm going to call back
Cricket Icon: The, the gentleman that gave me that that tax.gov website.
Cricket Icon: Yeah, I'm going to pull him back and ask him if I'm still going to get
Cricket Icon: A a stimulus check for my son Montez being that I didn't
Cricket Icon: Being that I didn't
Cricket Icon: I didn't. Uh, oh my gosh, my mind is just everywhere.
Cricket Icon: You didn't. Yes. I didn't claim him for for 2019
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Who claimed it
Cricket Icon: But I did came in 2018 so am I still going to get a check for him.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Who claimed him.
Cricket Icon: He didn't he, he didn't get claimed
Cricket Icon: By any by me or his father, um,
Cricket Icon: The reason why I didn't claim him is because
Cricket Icon: Last year of 2019 they they provided a lot more
Cricket Icon: For him, and then I then then I was, I tried to provide for him. I will buy him new clothes etc shoes.
Cricket Icon: You know, I gave them. I gave them my my food stamps everything and they just, they just didn't want to accept it. They didn't want to accept it. I just think, honestly, I honestly think they wanted to provide for him so that they could claim him.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, is
Cricket Icon: The, the woman that I was taking care of and pretty.
Cricket Icon: Much another
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Thought so she was getting she was getting monies from the state to
Cricket Icon: Yes. Yeah, right.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: To take care of him.
Cricket Icon: Yes, exactly. And it's like, it's like it's kind of unfair because it's like I it's not it's not like it's not like if I didn't want. It's not like if I didn't want to provide for my son that
Cricket Icon: Is wrong to you just didn't accept it.
Cricket Icon: Yeah. And I know that's the reason why because she wanted to clean my son. She wanted to say no I provided for him all year I bind pose all year. I
Cricket Icon: I bought food all year for him. No, I took care of them all year and and it, it wasn't like that, you know, it's like I said I was with him. Most the time
Cricket Icon: But he would go back to her, you know, so I just didn't want to get in trouble with the IRS. I didn't want them to see that two people were claiming
Cricket Icon: Yeah i i'm not 100% sure if she claimed if she claimed him, but I'm sure she did just being that that she didn't accept anything for me last year.
Cricket Icon: Yeah, I mean, it's obvious that that she's, she's gonna claim him so I
Cricket Icon: get in trouble with the IRS.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I don't know if she can claim him if or if the state doesn't hold on to that claim because they're actually the ones that provided her like she would have gotten clothing vouchers for him.
Cricket Icon: Or
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: She would have gotten
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, food stamps, she would have gotten full medical she would have gotten a monthly cash amount for taking care of them.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, so
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I don't know how I really don't know how it works in that arena.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: As the state actually took care of him more than she did.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, so
Cricket Icon: She, she was pretty much just a caretaker, but they were they were the providers.
Cricket Icon: Yeah, see, we're providing the state. So yeah, so that's that's exactly what I thought.
Cricket Icon: If it's not her that's going to pay me and then obviously the states and the claim in because they they told her not to accept anything from me, because the day accepted everything in 2018 so I was able to play them 2018 and I don't think they liked it.
Cricket Icon: Yeah, so in 2019 they said don't accept nothing from her.
Cricket Icon: So that us to stay or or her or, you know, it sounds right. The state.
Cricket Icon: Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I think they say
Cricket Icon: To themselves don't accept nothing from her so that we could pay him, you know, because they'll go get a lot more money than then I would
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Ya know,
That
Cricket Icon: Terrible. I don't want to end up going back to the IRS and all that. So I didn't claim him. But now I don't know if I'm going to get a check.
Cricket Icon: His $500 which I need
Cricket Icon: Because like I said, I, I haven't back for good now.
Cricket Icon: You know, so
Cricket Icon: This
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, that's
Something
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, there's a lot
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: There is a lot. But you know what, you stay true to your faith you try it. You know, you stay true to your higher power you stay true to you know looking at
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: The good
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: The positive stuff and I'm telling you, it will everything's going to work out.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Rosa and
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know you're doing the work. You know what I mean.
Cricket Icon: Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, and I have to
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Artist, I have to believe that everything is going to be okay and get better, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I totally am on board with your positive way of thinking, because that's what keeps us in a sane headspace. You know what I mean.
Cricket Icon: It does, yes.
Cricket Icon: It was
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Oh, I believe in it.
Cricket Icon: Yes.
Yeah. Hundred percent
Cricket Icon: I I told myself, why didn't I do this experiment, a long time ago, you know, because they really help the way I'm thinking, you know, just, just the way I'm handling myself, not, not that I wasn't handling myself while before but but I was getting negative thoughts, you know,
Cricket Icon: Yeah, from time to time, you know, and I didn't like it because like I said it was affecting my kids, it was affecting everybody around me, and I didn't realize it.
Cricket Icon: Until I finally said, you know what I'm gonna I'm gonna, I'm going to be negative one day, like I told you, and and it it really showed a big difference.
Cricket Icon: Yeah, so I'm just keeping negative out of my head. And I'm just thinking like everything's gonna be okay. And I'm not, I'm not putting in my mind at all that that's things are gonna go wrong in any way or nothing. Just everything's going to work out.
Cricket Icon: You know, you know, just the way it's meant to be. And that's
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I believe that to 100%
Cricket Icon: Just gonna leave it at that.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Good. All right. Well, I've got a run.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay. And so what I do is I change your appointment for next week to
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: 838 30 my
Cricket Icon: Time okay 930 my time.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yes, so that'll give you
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: The opportunity to log on. Actually, we should do it at 8pm my time.
Cricket Icon: Yeah, yeah. At eight because I
Cricket Icon: Have to get into the class Dojo
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Can
Cricket Icon: I mean, like I said, it's only a 10 minute session, but
Cricket Icon: It's, yeah, that's just, I'm not, I'm not trying to bring the state back into my life.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Right. I mean, I
Cricket Icon: Make it hard and I didn't give up and I'm not, I'm not going to let that I mean it was all over, broken door locks you know
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, I read
Cricket Icon: It over and over to the management, you know, but, um, yeah. Now I don't want it to turn into a school thing. So I'm trying to stay on top of it. So yeah, if you could make it for it for eight o'clock, my time. I mean,
Cricket Icon: Even nine o'clock, nine o'clock. My time would be perfect. So once I get I could sign on within
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Nine o'clock. Your time eight o'clock, my time.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yes.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That's what I just changed it to so so next week we'll be
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: On board. Okay.
Cricket Icon: Next week, Wednesday, at nine o'clock, my time.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Mountain Standard Time. Yes.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Great. Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Great. And I'm totally hoping to be able to send you an email and the next day or so with information.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: To help her daughter. Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And I'm getting her some
Cricket Icon: Whatever, whatever it is you could do. Like I said, if I could just get my hands on just a Walmart card or Target card table. Yeah, I heard some clothes and then try to get at least my boys at least to all 50
Cricket Icon: Yeah, well,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, let me see what the other factors. Yeah, let me see what the other providers know and gather some information. And I'll let you know one way or the other. Okay.
Cricket Icon: I really appreciate it. Thank you so much, Rebecca, that is, that's so kind of you. That's very, very kind of you to do for me. Thank you.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I mean, definitely, definitely. We're walking this path together. Don't forget that. Okay.
Cricket Icon: Yeah, I really appreciate that. That means a lot to me to know that that I have somebody by my side.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, besides my family, you know, definitely.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You've
Cricket Icon: Got and you want this means a lot. I look forward to seeing you every week and I look forward to it. That's like, that's like my my my getaway.
Cricket Icon: Car was everybody in group knows you know what everybody in like late like in group understand each other because everybody's going through, through pretty much
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know yeah so
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That's the title of mine's
Cricket Icon: More like get away for an hour and then to be able to talk to you. It's kind of like a little getaway as well too. So, and
Cricket Icon: I'm, you know, it just, it just, it just nice talking to you, you get really good advice good company. You know you very helpful when it comes to stuff like like this, you know, so, um, I really appreciate it. In other words, I know you need to go on. Sorry, I don't want to hold you up.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That's okay. No worries. Okay, so I will see you next week at eight of 8am my time 9am your time.
Cricket Icon: Okay. Three day five.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay bye Rosa.
Cricket Icon: Will have
Michelle Espinoza: Hi.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Look at you.
Michelle Espinoza: I felt great.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You look great.
Michelle Espinoza: Thank you.
Michelle Espinoza: Yeah, I feel really good today on real positive woke up real positive this morning.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Good. Yay.
Michelle Espinoza: I did the DVR yesterday and it just really relaxed me so I I got out of. I got a lot out of me yesterday.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Good. Oh gosh, I'm so glad
Michelle Espinoza: I know I'm happy to. I haven't been this has been a long time.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It's so good. It's just so good to see a smile on your face and see that you feel better. You know, it's so relieving to get all that garbage out, you know, that we hold on to that our body holds on to, you know,
Michelle Espinoza: Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: How are things going
Michelle Espinoza: On they're going
They're going good.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Good.
Michelle Espinoza: Um, I will Friday was probably one of my good days I've been sleeping. Really good. My, my appetites coming up. I'm do I step really good last night, too. So
Michelle Espinoza: I'm just
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Right, what is going on.
Michelle Espinoza: Oh my god, I'm just happy to do know I woke up really good this morning after doing the session yesterday with Sabrina.
Good.
Michelle Espinoza: I know it took a lot out of me. I was really surprised how relaxed that she got me so so relax so much came out of my body. I should I couldn't even believe how I was floating in the air like after we were done. I was literally like the light blue instead of being so heavy. Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: you're releasing all that you're releasing the pain you're releasing releasing the grief, you're allowing your body to do its job, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, and that's what it's about is about, you know, the week it's stuck. Sometimes, and our body holds all of that grief that holds all of that pain and it's toxic to our physical being, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And and so being able to start getting it out and releasing it god that does wonders for your mind for your
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: For your emotions.
Michelle Espinoza: For your physical being I didn't know
Michelle Espinoza: Was that asleep, because it was like 11 I'm like oh my gosh, I'm not gonna fall asleep, and then I just I'll sleep. I guess I woke up.
Michelle Espinoza: I woke up like a nine, and I never sleep that night.
Michelle Espinoza: I love it. I gotta get ready for my meeting. I'm going to be named but
Michelle Espinoza: No, I just feel real good and energized and I'm just so happy today, I don't know, just compared to the last past weeks that I've had.
Michelle Espinoza: Yeah job, you know,
Michelle Espinoza: Yeah.
Michelle Espinoza: Yeah, good. While for me to get back to where I was at but
Michelle Espinoza: I'm just, I don't know, full of life today.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I am so glad. So what's on your agenda for today, then
Michelle Espinoza: Well I, I talked to my mom and she was crying. She just business everybody you know so I probably gonna go stay a couple hours with her.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Good.
Michelle Espinoza: Go visit her for a while and then just come home and stay locked up again, you know, but it's getting better. I mean,
Michelle Espinoza: I don't know, there's not that much stuff going on over here. I still get scared to go out and stuff. My, my anxiety still the same.
Michelle Espinoza: Yeah, I don't know why it's the same because I'm always home. It's not like I go anywhere. But I think just knowing that I can't grow now.
Michelle Espinoza: Yeah, what's bothering me, you know. But yeah, I think I'm going to go visit my mom after we're done. Just stay over there for a couple hours and then come back and finish my laundry. I was doing laundry yesterday so
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That is really, really.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Good and
Michelle Espinoza: in a good mood today.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, yeah, very much take
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That that positive energy over to Mama, you know,
Michelle Espinoza: She's she was crying. This morning, she just misses everybody. Because we're such a big family. And we really haven't been able to get together at all with all this stuff going on.
Michelle Espinoza: Yeah, she my sister took her out yesterday. Finally, she got to go and show it to my brothers and my sisters house. She came by over here, but I think I'll go spend some couple hours with her today.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Good, good, good. What's the weather like over there.
Michelle Espinoza: It's pretty, it's, it's actually pretty warm in my room. I'm always freezing with, you know, I always have my blanket on but it's pretty warm. It's kind of windy, but not that I'm not
Michelle Espinoza: But yeah, getting warmer, it's not so cold. I mean, I'm sleeping without my heater now because that heater was just missing my throat up I would wake up.
Michelle Espinoza: stuffy and I would cough and I'm like, I hope I'm not getting sick and then that gets in my head. You know, because I get sick really fast, no matter what. And then now allergy season around. So I'm waiting for that to hit me.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, I just start feeling better now. I got allergies that are coming
Michelle Espinoza: Yeah, yeah. But it really hits me for a while, it doesn't hit me that bad, but like the winners like me and my daughter were talking yesterday, just
Michelle Espinoza: Like all this stuff that's going on. Like, I wonder how it's going to be this coming winter, you know, we're already thinking about winter and we haven't even past summer yet because I get like i said i get sick a lot. So we were just like, well, I know that I have to get my flu shot early
Michelle Espinoza: You know, before October and
Michelle Espinoza: Just give my medicines here, you know, make sure I have my medicines and stuff here at home. And if I'm feeling kind of sick, not just not to go out, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, or maybe
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Maybe with all of the work that you're that you're doing. Maybe this coming winner, you won't get as sick as much
Michelle Espinoza: You know. Well, it's because I really don't. I don't. Well, like I was in prison and there really wasn't much to do about, you know, I was going to taking classes as much as I can for my time to go by.
Michelle Espinoza: And I did. I think I got. Well, I went to the emergency once this year and I had the flu pretty bad.
Michelle Espinoza: And then I would get. I mean, I got a couple. I mean I got sick. A couple times. Like my stomach was, you know, was throwing up and stuff like that, but not as bad as that one time that I had to go to the ER and I usually go to the year like two or three times a year.
Michelle Espinoza: Yeah, there's times like I'll get walking pneumonia and stuff like that. So, I mean, I was pretty blessed this year.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah.
Michelle Espinoza: Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And so this coming year is going to be even
Better
Michelle Espinoza: Yeah, it will be, you know, just getting out there being with the family. I think will change everything you know
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah.
Michelle Espinoza: And then
Michelle Espinoza: Just being with the grandkids, you know, how can we to just haven't. I mean, I've seen them, but I haven't been able to take care of them or anything. Cuz well she's only working two days out of the week now.
Michelle Espinoza: But I'm still I video chat with them a lot, but just not be able to hold him and kissed him and just play with them, like I did. You know, I can we do that.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I don't blame you. I know this this whole thing's gotta have some kind of ending, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah. Eventually, but, you know, you're going to see your mom today. It's a beautiful day. You know what I mean. Enjoy the
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Ride and and if you're not stopping any place. And, you know, opening up
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Being in close proximity with other people on your way over to see your mom. Neither one of you would be, you know, would be at risk, you
Michelle Espinoza: Know, we're all here. I use. I don't go nowhere. I'll just go get
Michelle Espinoza: Like when I go need to pick up my medicine from you guys have, you know, my brother in law will give me a ride. And I'll go pick that up and
Michelle Espinoza: That's as far as I go like the other day I had to go shopping. I didn't have a choice but to go into Walmart, but
Michelle Espinoza: Oh, my daughter had me put a mask on and gloves and then you know I you have groceries outside. I was wiping them down. You know, I took my shoes off my socks and put my clothes in the washing away took a hot shower and, you know, you just got to be saved because you know
Michelle Espinoza: You know, and then I
Michelle Espinoza: Was like, Whoa. I mean, I'm not out there, visiting everybody and
Michelle Espinoza: I'm just trying to be saved for myself and my family, you know,
Michelle Espinoza: Yeah, this is the best thing to do.
Yes.
Michelle Espinoza: My mom. No.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I don't blame you. I would to fire you.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: How is your sister hanging
Michelle Espinoza: Up. Well, the day before yesterday. So the ashes finally came in and she went to go visit her mother in law and she was there for a while, but just seeing her
Michelle Espinoza: When the difference of her seen her the way she was. And then once she saw the urn, because I think that's the way I was to, you know, you heard so much but once you see the body. It's just like a little relief that comes out of you.
Michelle Espinoza: Like we know
Michelle Espinoza: It's not very much of a relief, but it is so I saw the difference in her you know some she's still taking it hard, but I think once she like okay this is real.
Michelle Espinoza: You know, I'm not dreaming, she's you know she's accepted that he's gone and stuff. But all I can do is just be there for her, you know,
Michelle Espinoza: Like just that first week was so hard for me. I don't. It just brought back memories for me so much, you know, with my daughter's dad. And then my, my husband, you know, and so yeah you know my dad and then my cousin passing away to the
Michelle Espinoza: Virus. It just
Michelle Espinoza: It really got ahold of me last call last two weeks. I don't know why it really brought me down compared to how I feel. Now, you know,
Michelle Espinoza: Yeah, but
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That's a lot.
Michelle Espinoza: That's all like for anybody.
Michelle Espinoza: You know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It's a lot more in person. We have our breaking
Michelle Espinoza: But I feel real good today. Like I said, I just I just feel good. I just feel so positive today and happy and just want to move around, instead of staying in the house. I'm just going to go visit my mom come back and do laundry and then see how the rest of the afternoon goes you know
Michelle Espinoza: Yeah.
Michelle Espinoza: I'll be some positive
Michelle Espinoza: Isn't a while. Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You can FaceTime, I'm too huh
Michelle Espinoza: Yeah we FaceTime a lot. And then she like yesterday she came by and you know I talked to him outside while they were in the car.
Michelle Espinoza: But I can, you know, I wanted to just grab them a hold them and then my daughter, she's really strict with stuff like this, you know, which I don't blame her, she's a mom, you know, that's the way I was when I was younger.
Michelle Espinoza: Yeah, but you just never know. You know, yeah, she's so afraid of death. When I don't blame her because that's the way I was too when I was her age I experienced death at a young age.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah.
Michelle Espinoza: You know my grandma passing away and stuff like that. And then you know me getting abused and just all that stuff to, you know, and I'm just surprised. I'm still here.
Michelle Espinoza: With everything that's gone through I've gone through some roads, it's, it's amazing that I'm still here actually just yeah Miley know you right now.
Michelle Espinoza: Right, yeah, that's
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That's not a survivor smile.
Michelle Espinoza: Yeah, almost over.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Right tough.
Michelle Espinoza: Yeah, really. I I've gone through some some hard times. And let me tell you, I'm still here.
Michelle Espinoza: You know, but you know if I can accomplish that I still I still have a long ways to go in this world.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That's right, you got a lot of it's not done.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, and a lot of stuff to do. You know, sometimes we wonder why we go through what we go through and you know it doesn't make sense. While we're going through it. But at the end of it all.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, it's like we can see a clearer picture of the path and of the stuff you know a lot of stuff still doesn't make sense. You know, definitely, but it definitely allows us to change our focus, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: From the negative stuff that we've gone through to the positive that we still can experience. You know what I mean.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: There's a lot of living to be to be had.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, in every single day and it's about, you know, changing that mindset and to being I am no longer a victim. I am a survivor and I am tough. I can do this and
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Oh my god, look at those beautiful flowers.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, whatever you
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Like noticing.
Michelle Espinoza: Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: The simple things around us that that we take for granted on a regular basis, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: There's when we face adversity in life. You know, there's this whole story about love. The dandelions.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Like you know dandy lines are going in the butt and they grow and they just spread and they're just
Michelle Espinoza: Everywhere.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know what I mean, they just
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And instead of, you know, looking at them like you know they are a pain in the butt and they, you know what I mean.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: They're a hinderance in life.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Just switch that thinking to thinking, I don't know why they're spreading like they're spreading but
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You're beautiful in themselves.
Michelle Espinoza: You know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And just really kind of taken that and looking at it in a whole different light, you know,
Michelle Espinoza: You you see one, you're going to see more
Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Cuz there there there.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It was, it's a big story and I can't remember the whole thing, word for word. But, you know, there it was about
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: This guy who was struggling with even as long, the way that he wanted it and you know these dandy lines kept popping up and kept popping up and he did everything he could to
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, to get rid of them. And then he noticed that they were all in his neighbors yards to and they're not fighting the dandelions. And they're not, you know, it's a big epidemic of these things that are growing all down history. And so he like
Michelle Espinoza: He
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: writes this letter to the mayor and says, We have a huge issue you know we we have this big, you know, big epidemic of these dandelions that I can't get rid of it, you know.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: The mayor's response back to him was pretty much, you know, instead of fighting it. Love that Andy lions.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, change your thought process around the dandelions instead of making them, you know, thinking that they're a hindrance. Look at the beauty and you know what you have in your yard.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Right. And it was kind of funny to me because that's really kind of what we have to we have to do right now you know so much going on and chaos and that outside world. And it's about finding beauty in that one. Not one hour, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Definitely, yeah. I just can't imagine
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: My head this guy being so frustrated and buying all these chemicals and trying to kill this thing and you know it's a lie. It's a lot bigger than just his yard.
Michelle Espinoza: Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So the moral of the story.
You know,
Michelle Espinoza: Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Funny. Yeah. I am so glad that you are doing good today. I'm so glad, Michelle.
Michelle Espinoza: Thank you. I am
Michelle Espinoza: It's getting better and better.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It.
Michelle Espinoza: Is good good right now. You don't have to worry about me so much. No.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I know I'm so glad
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You are making it you're doing more than making it you are healing. You know what I mean, you're walking through this stuff and you're releasing all of that toxic.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know poison that was going through your body. And again, I bet this year you keep going on with the MTR you keep, you know, releasing all of that stuff.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I'm telling you everything in your life is going to get better, or it's going to feel better.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You're going to continue to feel better. You know what I mean. I bet you, you'll get sick less this year because you think about all of that stuff. All of that toxic in our body. It weighs down our body. It lowers our immune system. You know what I mean.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So I bet you're getting better.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And better and better.
Michelle Espinoza: And also thanks to God, you know, God is good.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: God is good. That's right.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Very, very much.
Michelle Espinoza: Definitely, yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, so I'm gonna let you go visit your mom.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Because I think data is
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Vitally important right now, you know, taking her your positive energy, I think, is really going to make a world of difference for her, you know,
Michelle Espinoza: Yeah, it will.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I think it's going to keep you on this positive path to okay
Michelle Espinoza: Yeah.
Michelle Espinoza: Yay, okay. Then we'll see you Friday for group meeting room.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yes, we will.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yes, if you know
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Anything.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know where I'm at. Okay.
Michelle Espinoza: So thank you very much for helping me. All I really appreciate you guys
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I appreciate you. I appreciate that smile.
Michelle Espinoza: On your face. I know, me too.
Michelle Espinoza: I feel really good.
Michelle Espinoza: I feel great today.
Michelle Espinoza: Okay, we'll see you Friday.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay you Friday. Bye. All right.
Michelle Espinoza: Bye Bye bye.